the forensic report confirms that he lost his
life after receiving an
electric shock when he touched the train's overhead lines. I
don't know if you can see the exact
overhead line where he is. They are those
two little bars there, that is, the
overhead line is this. No, he started to climb. Okay, what doesn't make sense
to me much is the
posture, right? What doesn't make sense to me
much is the posture because, of course, he had his
chest resting on this, he had his abdomen resting on this, he had his
abdomen resting on this, and he
stretched out his hand and grabbed the overhead line
and that's where he got hit. Okay, what does
n't make sense to me much is that he fell inside
and the position he fell in is a little
strange because he turned around, that is, he fell
in the opposite position to the one he was in. It is
assumed that he touched that
overhead line and hence the
electric shock of more than 3000 vol.
Alvaro's body was found between two
train cars, those two that you see exactly there. It is
assumed that here it was
exactly when he received that
electric shock, the body fell on the roof of
this train and then moved to
that hole that you see there  how did
Alvaro get here we'll see we'll
see because we have moved it
is a strange position
eh for the discharge it is not necessary to touch
the
catenary Yes but I would touch it it is the most it is what makes the
most sense is that if I would
touch it eh it is what makes the most sense
we have been walking from the station
we have done the entire route that
Alvaro made that morning we have analyzed the
places through which he could have accessed
these train tracks just as we have also
analyzed those cameras that
saw him alive for the last time they have
analyzed the cameras it is after 7:35
in the morning when Alvaro Prieto arrives
at the Justa station he has missed the
train that was taking him to Cordoba I'll tell you
one thing eh also
eh says dalbert Jai can you lend me 1 euro
to become a member man dalber if I
lend it to you I don't have much grace but
I'll lend it to you if you need it eh I
always lend it to you it is necessary but I
think then it wouldn't be very
funny I also tell you that from the
disco I don't know if many people are from Seville
that you see me I think that yes, that a
lot of people I'm from Seville, the
TA3 nightclub is there, you know it's like on the
yellow highway, already looking towards the
S30
and the nightclub is there, you know where the
Alfa
Romeo is on Avenida Montesierra that leads
to S30, there's the Opel, well,
the nightclub is over there, the nightclub to Santa
Austa, he already took a walk
eh in a desperate attempt to
get there, the stupid things we do as
young people,
man, when the train moves,
the body would move too, don't you remember because there are
images from the 13th in which the
body is already in the same position, don't you
remember that we saw it yesterday that there was a
passenger who on the 13th, Friday, recorded
through the train window and you could already see that he
was at the foot there, his city, he decides to
enter the station and try to get
on a train bound for Barcelona and it
stopped in Córdoba, he spent almost an hour
inside the station but he couldn't
get on any train, he didn't have
tickets so he decided to leave through
the east door to look for other
alternatives, this camera captured him. Oh,
so he leaves through the main door, I
understood  that he had left through the
door that leads to Kansas City
after walking 500 Met tries
again I just passed through Kansas City now
precisely because my bank is
there on the tracks according to some witnesses
does it this way a neighbor is sure that at
10:30 where did the kid uncle go in
the morning Alvaro is Javi they say that they ca
n't prove what happened with the charger
but that they kicked him out in a bad way
Olga no honey really Olga don't
listen to what they say and what they say
on Twitter and what they say on Facebook and
the audios that people record to
put them out there no we've already
spoken with all the people who were
involved was in this place the
Santa Justa station is 1 and a
half kilometers away and Alvaro has already walked 20 minutes
These are this is La Barriada de las
Huertas where we were the other day
doing it directly do you remember no that around
here back they cut off and the police were
almost 2 km away or this is 1 and a half kilometers well
a little further past the bridge
is where the body appears  2
km is that it was 2 km
you supposedly the last person who
saw him alive claims to have seen him at
this point in this fairly easy access
to get to the
train tracks another point
but it's that you say the access but it's that
you say the access but if in
itself let's see Look he says look the
access you don't go through a wall and and it
comes in here but if it's not even
This if look at the shitty fence
that's there but if look at the shitty
fence that it is if you cut this fence with
pliers or rather with pliers hao like this
pla pla pla with some wire strippers
with some wire strippers hao like this pla pla pla pla pla
pla [ __ ] the fence But what
fence is this This is a fence that
you put up for the vegetable garden not where you put the
lettuces so the rats don't get in I mean I do
n't understand the
truth in this fairly easy access
to get to the train tracks
another point that
Álvaro could have had to access the tracks could be
this one throughout  the route from
Santa Justa station to the place
where the body was found there are
several points through which to access
the tracks This is another wall look at
the wall look at the
wall look at the wall eh they
just to the wall and a meter and a half away
we have the floor that gives direct access to
the TR tracks finally Alvaro's body
appeared Yesterday morning between
those two wagons just 2 km from the
east gate of Santa
Justa station where he was seen leaving on
October 12th is that Estela marinera kid is
that Estela marinera let's see I'll also
tell you one thing in all honesty okay
in all honesty neither It is logical and
normal to do what this kid did
Of course you don't expect anyone to do this
eh with what intention or rather very few
people would do that with what intention are you going to
do it is that it is putting your life in
danger
basically it is that it is putting your life in
danger but come on yes it is true that well
then the train tracks are
there in the air as who says there are the
train tracks as who says in the
air is speaking  that he recorded from the
train that you put it yesterday in your
live broadcast last night Olga, well look, he
precisely
spoke to me, they spoke to me
his friend spoke to me apparently the one who recorded
this video, this video in which you can
see apparently came to a wedding and
people spoke to me to tell me No, he is not a
friend of mine